Was a guys and what KMAX now in this video vidoe will be working up with that how can we accept credit
card debit card payment into this account.
So basically you can accept that you can accept that from there you can accept from the paper itself.
OK if I just come here and I just said to to check out OK I'll be taken to the checkout page and it
says pay bill OK.
And then I just proceed to Pay-Pal you can see OK I have to accept the terms and conditions.
I don't know why I just forget it.
OK so when I just proceed to pay bill.
It's going to take me 10 to the baby.
And then year I can be.
OK I can be with my credit card if I just click here.
David debit credit card he can see that I can enter the debit card details in every detail and my payment
would be processed.
OK.
Let me show you Let me show you how this is going to work.
You can see that it is loading it is loading right now.
So let's wait till this is done.
OK you can see this is how we have.
OK.
This is how we have to choose to be and everything.
I'm just going to hit.
Don't have a bell account.
OK.
I'm just going to click here and here.
Then I have to enter my credit card details in every detail and then I have to hit B and that will be
paid automatically so I'm just going to come here I'm going to incur any of that credit card right now.
So let's suppose that my money is seven my year is 22 C A C is.
Yes.
And then I have this right here and then I have to enter the address optionals city
and I have to hit B.
So you can see this bill authenticated and then it'll be OK.
So since my address debit card is incorrect that is why it is not paying.
But the person can then go ahead and be.
So this is how the person can go ahead and pay.
But if they do not want to pay a bill if he wants to save it in the credit card service.
So we basically have to go ahead vaid service that we have to sign up and then we can accept the payments.
OK.
And that is called basically do check out.
So a payment is recommended by me.
OK because you can't accept credit card payments and people will be like Paypal does not work in some
countries.
So what would you do.
OK you just have to accept the credit card in your account in your website.
OK so what you're having Do you have to just go to do check out Delcam.
OK.
This is the service that I personally recommend that and that I personally use for my clients.
And also for myself I'm just starting up for this.
I'm starting up my business right now on this and other business.
OK so you can go with it to check out precessing payment.
OK.
And then they will process your payment and then they will work.
You can see it works amazingly but commerce.
So I'm going to go to rates right now.
Let me tell you what are the rates for this and then I'm going to show you how this is going.
So we have to select a country.
Your payments are synchronizing calculators.
I'm going to select my country and this is the one so it is charging me 3.9 percent plus 45 cents per
cent senseful transaction.
OK.
So you can see if you just go beyond the 50 key a month and you can contact us to not contact us contact
them to see if you qualify for a volume discount.
OK.
So you can see everything works pretty well what you have to do.
You just have to sign up there.
OK.
You have to just sign up.
You have to sign up.
And then you have to enter your details and and about your e-mail address or you first enter your username
and the e-mail address the password and the website.
OK that that you want to sell so you have to interview this website.
But it should not be like this.
OK it should be your own perfect domain name.
OK.
And then you have to just come here to this.
Pakistan right here and you have to select your country and then you have to accept the terms and conditions
and you have to accept everything that you have to go to complete application.
And in the complete application they have a requirement.
OK.
Let me tell you what is the requirement.
The first one is that you your web site must be having an address.
OK.
And you're in the Contact Us page so you shouldn't be having a Contact Us page.
And there you should be having an address your office address and the same address should be here in
the complete application.
OK.
Also one more thing and that is you need to submit your identity that is your national identity card
that is that is issued by your government.
And you also need to give the proof of address that will be like utility bill.
OK.
That should be under your name.
So and the last one is I think the payment mattered.
OK so you need a U.S. bank account.
U.S. bank account.
I'm going to show you how you can get the U.S. bank account if you do not have a bank account.
OK.
So you just have to open up the link that you are watching right now.
You can either go to Bayone or dot com.
We will be using this service but you have to just open up the video that you are vouching OK and then
you have to have the resources available section and then you have to sign up to pay only that link.
OK.
So when you sign up the dappling you'll be getting $25 once you get a hundred dollars so this will be
a bonus for you as you are joining the beach and you're from my affiliate link.
OK.
So let's just open this up let's just
so very Take this resources available you have to just had this and it says Get your Bayone and MasterCard.
You have to just click this link and you will be taken to Bayone dot com.
OK and then you have to sign up using this link.
OK so if you sign up you will get $25.
Once you receive OK it's a sign up and earn $25.
OK.
So once you just click this you have to sign up your account.
You have to enter your details.
OK.
And then you will be getting a U.S. bank account.
And after you receive a U.S. bank account I'm going to show you how that U.S. bank account is going
to look like.
OK.
So our For you get your card.
You have to just sign up.
OK.
And then they you have to enter your details.
They will ship you a debit card.
They will ship you a debit card at your home.
OK.
And then once you have to do you have to just log in to your pay.
You have to just click log in.
And then you have to enter your details account details.
OK.
So let's just come here.
Let me enter my password
just sign it so you can see that once you sign in you will be in the business section.
You can see that here we have the discussion right here.
I'm going to go to the global payment service so you have to just come here.
OK.
And then you have to come here for a bank account.
It will give you a bank account number they will activity your bank account you can see it sees you
as the receiving bank account.
This is my bank name this is my routing number.
This is my account number.
This is my account.
And this is the beneficiary name.
OK so you can see that you have to just enter all of them.
All of these details into that payment processing page.
OK you have to enter your U.S. bank account details.
This is your basically U.S. bank account.
You will be getting a credit card.
OK.
Let me show you how the credit card is going to look from Bonior.
This is how the credit card is going to look like.
OK.
You can see it.
This is by Bayone year.
OK.
So you will be getting a credit card from them and then you can accept payments from your state and
you can see this is already here.
I have received.
So this is how it's going to work.
And once you received thousand dollars you will be getting $25 bonus.
OK.
So now when everything will be done and you you will your account will be active.
So once your account will be active you just have to hit log in.
OK.
So once everything is done you have to log into your side and then you have to move forward to.
Let me show you how our dashboard is going to look like and it's going to enter my user name.
And now here I want to enter the password OK and now I have to hit logon so hard so you can see it's
slugging me in.
And one time logged in I just have to access my details so you can see that then you will see all of
the deals that you can go ahead.
But we want to test our accounts right now so how we will test it.
OK.
You can see.
You will see a thing that will save your currently reviewing your account.
OK.
And then everything will be done your account will be activated.
You can see that my application is 100 percent complete but my account is under review.
OK.
So once everything will be done you just have to enter every API that we use the Pay-Pal you have to
enter in here.
And that will be done.
OK.
So this is how it works.
Now I'm going to show you how can you integrate this to check out with wordpress.
OK.
So for that you have to just come here and you have to search for.
Do check out do check out commerce.
You have to search and you can see in the Stewy Shekh I would view commerce takes shopping cart slash
Commerce does it officially do check out payment gateway.
You just have to download this.
OK.
It says download or clone the extension from Get up.
I'm just going to open this up in a new job.
So here we go OK.
And then it says the payment API.
So you have to work for this so I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to grab this.
I'm going to hit cloner download and then it is it is going to be downloaded
so
here we go.
You can see this is right here.
I'm just going to open the folder.
So this is right here.
I'm just going to drag it and drop it in here.
You can see it should be here.
OK.
I'm just gonna open it up to see if everything is up and running.
OK let's just open this up.
OK.
I have to extract it.
I have to just come here.
I have to hit extract.
OK let's just extract it.
And that should be right here.
So now I have to go to do check out this one and this is that do check out app that I have.
OK so now here what I have to do I have just come here.
I have to.
Let's just come here and let's just extract it.
Let's just add it to archives.
I'm just going to hit add to archive OK and I will be choosing.
I will be using zip.
OK let's just say it.
OK.
So you can see it should be archived in this.
You can see this is our archive of this.
OK.
I'm going to go to the plug ins right now.
And now I have to upload that plug in.
So I just close this out.
Let's just go to the plug ins right here.
And let's head a new.
So here we have to pull the plug in you guys already know about the plug in uploading.
You just choose the file you have to just go to the desktop and the hero should be that to check it
to check out all
OK.
I cannot see it so.
This is the folder right here.
I'm just going to drop this and I'm going to drop it right here.
OK.
And now I'm going to hit install now so you can see this should be installed right now.
OK you can see it says plug in installed successfully once the plug in is installed.
What you have to do you have to just go to commerce.
OK.
And then you have to go to the settings.
So now we have to work with the setting so I'm going to go to the check out right now and you will see
a new tab that will be for the check payments sorry the credit card bill.
OK.
This is by to check out.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to slide this to check out right now and then here we're going to test everything.
OK.
So basically we will be using a sandbox account to move up.
Again can see if you bring memos here.
He's a..
Do check out account number and forget publishable key and your private key.
So you have to enter them.
But since my account is not active right now I will be moving up the sandbox account so if I just come
here you can see it is right this I'm just going to go ahead and go ahead sandbox to check out dot com.
OK.
You have to sign up your account there and once you sign up everything will be up and running.
So you can see it says this is this.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to enter my username my e-mail address.
And then here would be my password and I'm going to log in
log into your account.
OK.
It is giving an error.
So let's just go ahead and sign up for the new account.
I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to enter my username this is going to be this.
OK.
And now here I want to enter that e-mail address so my e-mail address is going to be
and the password is going to be
and a confirmed password.
OK.
So like this I have to change the user name.
So this is going to be tell us about yourself.
I have a Web site.
I already have a do check out account.
I want to play that play in the sandbox so I'm just going to hit and dig dig in and start testing.
So you can see it's a sign up complete you have to click here to continue the sandbox if not automatically
redirect.
You can see that I am here and this is how my account is looking.
OK.
Everything is totally up and running.
And this is so amazing.
So what I'm going to do right now I am going to just wait for the two I'm just gonna select this used
to check out accounts sandbox.
OK.
I have this David credit card bill and then I have the seller ID please Andrea.
Do check out account number this is needed in order to take in.
So if I just click here you can see this is my account number.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to copy and I'm going to paste it.
OK.
And now I have to go to API.
You can see that it will take me to the API section.
You have to just come here and you have to select this and then you have to start integrating.
So the main to check out Volbeat exactly seem like this.
OK you just have to go to EPA and then you have to grab this publishable key and the private key and
then it will be totally up and running.
So I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to hit this.
I'm going to copy and now I'm going to come here.
I'm going to paste.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit this.
I'm going to copy.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to paste it right now.
OK so you can see these two are coming right here.
OK.
What I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this save changes so you can see that the changes would
be saved and everything is up and running.
Now let's come here let's just come here to our Web site right now.
OK and let's use the Internet Explorer to say I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to crop this one right here and I need to test this Beaman so I'm going to do this and see
how this card is looking.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to say check out OK.
Now here this is right here.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to select the credit card bill since this is to check out that stick and that is why I have
to enter the test details so that will this will be under here.
Simple as that.
So this will be the card authorization success.
OK.
So now I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to go to Internet Explorer right here and then I'm going to add the card number.
So Cardman this is going to be February and the this is going to be 19.
Now we have to enter the security code.
And now we have to accept the terms and conditions.
So now I'm going to hit placeholder and you will see that the order will be processed and this will
be totally up and running and the will charge my card to this is how do checkout works guys.
OK.
You will see it is taking some time.
And again seatmates order received thank you.
Your order has been received.
Your card payment is done OK.
And now I want to check if someone has entered the wrong guard information that will then will his account
be processed or not.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to add to cart.
I'm going to head check out right now and then let's go to this itself.
OK.
And this will be card authorization declines so if someone enters this then this card authorization
will be declined.
Let's come here let's just enter this.
OK let's get him here let's just select this laser like this.
OK let's enter anything.
OK.
And now here I want to just accept the terms and conditions I'm going to hit.
Place Order right now and then you'll see it will give an error and it will see credit card information
not valid or something like that it will not accept that because I have and payment authorization failed
Please verify your information and try again or try another payment method.
So you can see this is all the credit card payment method Virtu can accept credit card information that
can accept credit card from your website and then your site and you can move forward.
So Stadion guys and now you can see that we are totally Dhanbad the acceptance of credit card.
And now we are totally done with our e-commerce site so stadium guys and in the next video will be learning
how to build professional based e-commerce site.
And then we'll move forward to stadium guys and.